    Test plan for static members.

Part 3. Static initialization - just static members.

Just the order of initialization within a class/hierarchy. we are not testing
  when a class initialization is triggered. Tested classes have only static members.
  Initialization is triggered through call to a static method.
  We will not test final constant fields here, since they are initialized differently.

(We'll later rename them to part 1-2-3.)

Part 3.1. Static field initializers.
Part 3.2. Static initializers.
Part 3.3. Init order through class hierarchies.

201. Fileds with initializer, all initialized with a constant expression.
202. Fields with initializer, some initializer exps refer to fields declared above.
203. Fields with initializer, initializer exps refer to fields declared below. Default values exposed.
204. Fields with initializer, forward reference, default values for all types tested.
205. Field with initializer, initializer have an assignment to other field declared forward.
206. Fields with initializer, refering to methods declared both below and above.
207. Fields with initializer, refering to superclass fields/methods.
208. Fields with initializer, calling a method from subclass through qualified expression. The method
  references fileds in the subclass which have initializers. The test should expose default values
  of the fields in the subclass.
209. Fields with initializer throwing an exception. Test that all the remaining initializers
  and the constructor are not executed. Catch StaticInitializationError in main.
211. Multifield with init. Two groups of three fields each:
  static int a, b=..., c;
  static int d=..., e, f=...;
  Test their values.
212. Array fields with array initializer in the most complex fashion:
Combination of multi field declaration, field with [] in declarator, array initializer.

31. Field with initializer, then static initializer, initializing the same field.
32. Static initializer, then field initializer, initializing the same field.
33. Field, initializer, field, initializer.
34. Static initializer throwing exc. The remaining field and static inits are not executed.
35. Static initializer with a local var shadowing a field.

41. Hierarchy of three classes, all with fields with initializer, static initializers.
  Test that the order is correct. All initializers print a message.

todo:
  See what other tests should be done for static init.
